web/modules/contrib/address/README.md, before:

# Address

Provides functionality for storing, validating and displaying international
postal addresses.

The Drupal 8 heir to the addressfield module, powered by the
[commerceguys/addressing](https://github.com/commerceguys/addressing) library.

## Installation
Since the module requires an external library, Composer or Ludwig must be used.

### Composer
If your site is [managed via Composer](https://www.drupal.org/node/2718229), use
Composer to download the module, which will also download the required library:

   ```sh
   composer require "drupal/address ~1.0"
   ```
~1.0 downloads the latest release, use 1.x-dev to get the -dev release instead.
Use ```composer update drupal/address --with-dependencies``` to update to a new
release.

### Ludwig
Otherwise, download and install [Ludwig](https://www.drupal.org/project/ludwig)
which will allow you to download the library separately:
1) Download Address into your modules folder.
2) Use one of Ludwig's methods to download the library:

    a) Run the ```ludwig:download``` Drupal Console command or the
    ```ludwig-download``` Drush command.

    b) Go to ```/admin/reports/packages``` and download the library manually,
    then place it under address/lib as specified.

3) Enable Address.

Note that when using Ludwig, updating the module will require re-downloading the
library. Composer is recommended whenever possible.

Commit message:

Security updates, drupal/core to 9.3.6

web/modules/contrib/address/README.md, after:

# Address

Provides functionality for storing, validating and displaying international
postal addresses.

The Drupal 8 heir to the addressfield module, powered by the
[commerceguys/addressing](https://github.com/commerceguys/addressing) library.

## Installation
Since the module requires an external library, Composer or Ludwig must be used.

### Composer
If your site is [managed via Composer](https://www.drupal.org/node/2718229), use
Composer to download the module, which will also download the required library:

   ```sh
   composer require "drupal/address ~1.0"
   ```
~1.0 downloads the latest release, use 1.x-dev to get the -dev release instead.
Use ```composer update drupal/address --with-dependencies``` to update to a new
release.

### Ludwig
Composer is recommended whenever possible. However, if you are not familiar with
Composer yet (or you want to avoid it for other reasons) you can install and use
[Ludwig](https://www.drupal.org/project/ludwig) module to manage Address module
library dependencies.

Read more at Ludwig Installation and Usage guide:
https://www.drupal.org/docs/contributed-modules/ludwig/installation-and-usage
